Facebook-Profile-Visitor
========================

FB PROFILE VISITOR  A) INTRODUCTION  Fb Profile Visitor  is an extension made by me - "Prince Soni".This extension shows the user - their profile visitor. It also shows the date and time of the visitor.  Since I cannot access Facebook database because it'll violet there terms and condition I have used an open source application, Firefox so that I can freely modify it.  So my aim was to create an extension which facebook CANNOT BANNED. facebook was created in 2004. But still there is no feature to check recent profile visitor Orkut has it but facebook doesn't. So I want to create one S/w which doesn't even violet facebook terms and condition but still can show recent Profile visitors 															 I would be pleased to provide it to you. You can also download it from firefox extension website.   B) PLATFORM This extension is a firefox extension so it'll only run under firefox.   C) PRINCIPLE I have accessed Facebook Profiles using firefox cookie. Within Cookie Firefox stores credentials information like username, password, facebook profiles etc.  D) REQUIREMENT    1. Mozilla Firefox ( any version which supports extension )    2. Mozilla Firefox 16, 32 or 64 bit.    2. Cookie Should be enabled.     E) INTERFACE  1. Users are displayed in a table of 10 rows and two columns So this extension can display 10 users    in two column structure, 5 in each column. 	 2. Layout, Marking of text is done using HTML language.  3. GUI (Graphical user Interface) is design in CSS language  4. Java Script has been used for adding interactivity to document  5. Using cookies I have obtained user id, user profile pic,date and time when this user data was stored within database.   6. At the bottom within footer I have displayed the latest Facebook Profile Visitors( Those     who have installed this extension but are not yet your friend).  7. Nice icon, placed within the facebook header so it looks like it's been integrated within facebook  F)  WORKING  1.  Facebook profile visitor is an extension which reads data from cookie created by firefox.   2.  When User click on pic of visitors shown by  this extension the browser takes you to the profile page of that user. It does this      by simply directing browser to  https://www.facebook.com/[id of the user]  3.  Hover the mouse over profile pic of any user and you'll see preview of profile pic of that user. This effect is achieved using JScript, CSS.	  4.  Footer - displays new Facebook profile Visitors which are not yet your friend but are using     this extension 	 5.  Title bar - Contains  	a. Help - When clicked will direct you to Facebook official page of this extension . 	b. Refresh - Will refresh the GUI and the database it's showing. 	C. Close - Will Close the extension. 						  G) OPEN SOURCE This extension is open source. Yes you heard it right. I'm making this extension open source. It took me 3000 lines of coding to make this extension  Let's see how much development, can you do now. I'll soon be releasing it to Guthub and Source Forge.  						  H) CONTACT ME For any suggestion / feedback you can contact me at :- gmail id - prince.soni3333@gmail.com facebook id - https://www.facebook.com/prince.soni3333

lkmlkm
